add flux executor to nextflow (#3412)
nextflow-io/nextflow: docs/flux.rst

needed to build Nextflow. There are two ways to use this:

 - Build a container from scratch and bind your code to it (e.g., for development or testing)
 - Use VSCode and DevContainers to create a more seamless environment.

Both strategies are described below. For this tutorial, you will generally want 
to prepare a workflow to use the ``flux`` executor, create an environment with Flux, start a Flux instance, and
interact with it.

Prepare Nextflow Workflow 
-------------------------

For your workflow, to use Flux you'll want to specify it in your config. Here is an example 
``nextflow.config``

.. code-block:: console

    // This is an example config for running with flux.

    manifest {
      mainScript = 'demo.nf'
      homePage = 'https://github.com/nextflow-io/nextflow/tree/master/docker/flux'
      description = 'Demo using Nextflow with Flux'
    } 

    process {
      executor = 'flux'
    }

Note that the executor is ``flux``. For additional settings for Flux, see :ref:`flux-executor`.
Here is an a demo workflow ``demo.nf`` of a job we want to run!

.. code-block:: console

>     nextflow.enable.dsl=1
> 
>     breakfast = Channel.from '🥞️', '🥑️', '🥧️', '🍵️', '🍞️'
> 
>     process sayHello {
>       debug true
>       input:
>       val food from breakfast
> 
>       """
>       printf '$food for breakfast!'
>       """
>     }

Reviewer: ```suggestion

    breakfast = Channel.from '🥞️', '🥑️', '🥧️', '🍵️', '🍞️'
 
    workflow {
      sayHello(breakfast)
    }
    
    process sayHello {
      debug true
      input:
      val food

      """
      printf '$food for breakfast!'
      """
    }
```

Love this example 😄. Note DSL1 is deprecated and it's going to be removed in the upcoming version. I've rewrote the it in DSL2

Author: okay I see why the files changed - when I do `make compile` that seems to change the versions and timestamps. I was doing that to test the new binary, eg., here is testing the updated workflow:

```bash
$ make compile
# files change
$ nextflow -c nextflow.config run demo.nf
N E X T F L O W  ~  version 22.11.0-SNAPSHOT
Launching `demo.nf` [nice_golick] DSL2 - revision: 58592626a9
executor >  flux (5)
[ae/a01395] process > haveMeal (1) [100%] 5 of 5 ✔
🥑️ for breakfast!
🥧️ for breakfast!
🍞️ for breakfast!
🍵️ for breakfast!
🥞️ for breakfast!
```
I'll try doing `make compile` and then git stash to immediately undo the changes.

.. _flux-page:

**************
Flux Framework
**************

`Flux Framework <https://flux-framework.org/>`_ "flux" is modern resource manager that can span the space between
cloud and HPC. If your center does not provide Flux for you, you can `build Flux on your own <https://flux-framework.readthedocs.io/en/latest/quickstart.html#building-the-code>`_

> and launch jobs under your resource manager of choice (e.g., SLURM or on the cloud.)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
and launch it as a job under your resource manager of choice (e.g., SLURM or on the cloud.)
```
